Add 'theme' option and two new themes (#151)
timoschwarzer/gitlab-monitor: CONFIGURATION.md

gitlabApi: https://gitlab.example.com/api/v4

# Required

> # Can be generated here: https://gitlab.com/profile/personal_access_tokens At least api_read scope is needed

Reviewer: Please use `https://gitlab.example.com/profile/personal_access_tokens` to make clear that you cannot get access tokens for your own instance on gitlab.com

# If projectScope is "groups" you might be interested in using includeSubgroups to include
# projects from all subgroups within the group specified in projectScopeId.
includeSubgroups:  false

> # Predefined Theme to use, if not set, the default theme will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Predefined theme to use. If null, the default theme will be used.
```

# Available themes: nord-dark, nord-light

> # Heads-up: Remember that you can always add your custom styles on top
> # but please feel free to submit your own theme as 'src/themes/<your-theme-name>.theme.scss'!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# You can override styles in the settings or submit your own theme here: https://git.io/JUOFb
```
